h1. A simple continuous deploy server for github projects

h2. Author: Maksim Lin

h2. Usage

This is a very simple continous deploy server that listens on a port for POSTs from
githubs post-receive webhook.

The server will cwd into the project folder. This fodler is expected to be a git working copy
where it will execute "git pull origin master && npm install".

Note that the server will only run if it gets a payload that specifies a push tp the master branch,
ie. refs/heads/master


h3. Configuration

Configuration is via environment variables:

PORT - port to listen on
RESTART_CMD - the shell command to execute
DEPLOY_PATH - the path to append the project name to that becomes the cwd prior to pulling from the gitrepo
 
Please set the bin/run.sh as an example.

h2. License

Copyright 2011 Maksim Lin

This file is part of node-github-deployhook.

node-github-deployhook web app is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

node-github-deployhook web app is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with node-github-deployhook.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
